Everything in this document has been researched on retail Mists of Pandaria (as
it will change in WoD) or through videos.
Related post by GM:
http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/13087818929?page=6#114
(post content is added below as blizzard are infamous for breaking links on
their forum)

== Main rule:
Spells when hit are queued on the target. Queues are batch executed every 400
ms.
== Exceptions:
Spells cast on you are instant (not queued). This includes triggered spells to
some degree; there are exceptions, but we have yet to figured out a rule for
when it applies and when it doesn't.

== Important notes in relation to vanish:
1) A hostile spell that's in its delay phase (travelling) gets silently dropped
   if the rogue vanishes (it does nothing when it arrives).
2) If a hostile spell is in the queue, and you hit vanish, that spell is
   cancelled.
   Whether your pending stealth is removed or not is variable (see below).
3) After you activate vanish, there's a brief period of time where you're still
   visible. Any hostile spell that is cast on you during this point will break
   your stealth and cause its effects on you when it arrives.
example of 2 and 3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyYixOpAGC4

== What happens with the pending stealth on vanish:
If you vanish while any hostile spell is in the queue, this happens with your
	stealth:
does the spell have a damage component? the stealth STAYS
	(e.g. shadowfury, frostbolt, starfire, moonfire, gouge, etc)
does the spell NOT have a damage component? the stealth is REMOVED
	(e.g. blind, polymorph, fear)
NOTE:
This is likely explainable by a hack-fix from blizzard, where they intended to
lessen the whine people were bringing about vanish breaking.

== Implementation Details
Channel starts right away when the spell finishes.
Cast items are deleted after all spell effects have been processed on all
    targets.
Damage threat is when the actual effect hits (i.e. in dealdamage)
(Player) The caster enters combat as soon as the spell leaves her hands; the
	target enters combat on impact. This is most noticable for delayed spells.
Healing and other such distributed threat is only applied once (i.e. if casted
    on self and a target it will not be applied twice). Is this applied after
	all effects are finished?
Spell reflects are right away, i.e. if reflection happens the spell is not added
    to the target's queue but reflected right away.
Resists, dodges, etc, are not added to the queue, but reported immediately.
Grounding totem is destroyed after the effect that hits it has been processed
    (yes, this does mean grounding totem can redirect more than one spell).
Pets are NOT exempt from the rules (bestial wrath is delayed on the pet, dash is
    instant on the pet).
Some spells ignore the current rules and are instant no matter what. The ones we
    know of are: All charges, Shadowstep, Summons

=== CONTENT OF GM POST ===
I was wondering when this'd get brought up. I've hinted about this in the past
in a couple interviews... Yes, there was a very significant underlying change
here, that may have implications for theorycrafting (though minor).

I don't want to get too deep into the under-the-hood workings of WoW servers,
but here's a super short version. Any action that one unit takes on another
different unit used to be processed in batches every 400ms. Some very attentive
people may have noticed that healing yourself would give you the health
instantly (minus client/server latency), whereas healing another unit would
incur a delay of between 0ms and 400ms (again, on top of client/server latency).
Same with damaging, applying auras, interrupting, knocking back, etc.

That delay can feel bad just due to the somewhat laggy responsiveness feeling,
but also because the state of things can change during that time. For example:
Holly the Holy Priest is healing Punky the Brewmaster. Punky spikes low, and
Holly hits Guardian Spirit in a panic. The server verifies that Holly is able
to cast it, and that Punky is alive (great!). The cast goes off, Guardian Spirit
goes on cooldown, and a request is placed for the Guardian Spirit aura (that
prevents dying) to be placed on Punky. That request will be filled next time the
400ms timer loops, which happens to be 320ms from now. 250ms later, the boss
lands another hit on on Punky. Punky dies. Sadface. Another 70ms goes by, and
the Guardian Spirit aura request pops up, and goes "Hey guys, I'm here!...
Aww... damn, I missed the party. Sadface."

We no longer batch them up like that. We just do it as fast as we can, which
usually amounts to between 1ms and 10ms later. It took a considerable amount of
work to get it working that way, but we're very pleased with the results so far;
the game feels noticeably more responsive.

I can't guarantee that you'll never ever again run into cases where Guardian
Spirit went on cooldown and the tank still died... but it'll be literally 40x
rarer than before, and the whole game will feel more responsive too.
